# Fishipus (name not certain yet)
This project is meant to provide a framework for future projects involving pygame, so half of the time isn't spent rewriting and modifying old code from previous projects. 

# What will it do?
It will handle physics, entity management, camera, animation, particle systems, ui, loading assets, tile and chunk systems, shaders (moderngl), rendering, audio and more; it will be able to be 'plugged' in to a project, or you can start a project from this so that you just have to add minimal code & graphics, etc and have a fast, working game (and be done with it). Also implemented is a module for shaders - using moderngl - which allows you to just write a fragment & a vertex shader and not have to worry about all the opengl stuff behind the scenes. For the entity management & physics, you can just inherit from the parent Entity class which handles rendering, physics and animation, and (if it is not the player) it will be automatically added to the EntityManager's entities. The EntityManager handles updating & rendering the entities, and uses a system of chunks/quads to optimise this. In the .__init__ method of each Entity (if it is not the player) the entity will add itself to the entity manager. As for tiling and decor, there is a TileMap object, which includes the different layers and a PhysicsMap (as the name suggests, this is for collisions). Per layer, tile data is stored in a dictionary, and there is a chunk system in place for offgrid tiles. There is a built in level editor for - you guessed it - editing levels (beware, however as if you venture into the source code of the editor, you will be confronted with some of the *stinkiest* code you will ever see in this project: I suggest you wash your hands after editing).
